BUG-50735 DBeaver PR 완료에 따라 매뉴얼 업데이트가 필요합니다. (#482)
ALTIBASE/Documents: Manuals/Tools/Altibase_release/eng/Altibase 3rd Party Connector Guide.md

#### Software Requirements

##### DBeaver Version

DBeaver versions compatible with Altibase Server are as follows:

* DBeaver 23.3.3 and higher

##### Altibase Server Version

Altibase server versions compatible with the DBeaver are as follows:

- Altibase 7.1.0 and higher

### Installing and Uninstalling DBeaver

> User can download the DBeaver installation file from https://dbeaver.io/download/. For detailed information about installation and uninstallation, refer to https://github.com/dbeaver/dbeaver/wiki/Installation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Users can download the DBeaver installation file from https://dbeaver.io/download/. For detailed information about installation and uninstallation, refer to https://github.com/dbeaver/dbeaver/wiki/Installation.
```

### Altibase Database System Connection

#### 1. Connect to New Database

> Clink [ Database ] → [ New Database Connection ]![connect1_eng](media/DBeaver/connect1_eng.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Click [ Database ] → [ New Database Connection ]![connect1_eng](media/DBeaver/connect1_eng.png)
```

#### 2. Select Altibase Database

Select Altibase in ALL or SQL tab, and click the [ Next > ].![connect2_eng](media/DBeaver/connect2_eng.png)

#### 3. Set the Altibase Connection Information

Configure Altibase connection settings. Host IP address, Port Number, Database/Schema, Username, and Password are required. Click the [ Finish ] after configuration.

![connect3_eng](media/DBeaver/connect3_eng.png)

Now users can find the Altibase database set above on the Database Navigator tab as follows:

 ![auto1_eng](media/DBeaver/auto1_eng.png)

#### 4. Download JDBC Driver Files

> To connect the Altibase database, Altibase JDBC driver file is required. If the Internet is available, please refer to  '4.1 Download JDBC Driver Files'.  If the Internet is unavailable or users want to register JDBC driver files manually, please refer to '4.2 Register JDBC Driver Manually'.

Reviewer: Internet is available이란 표현이 좀 어색해서요... If users can access the internet이나 If the users' network is connected 는 어떨까요?
참고: 타사 매뉴얼을 살펴보니 
 if your network is disconnected or unstable 라는 식의 표현을 많이 쓰고 있습니다.
Internet이 access나 connection 없이 단독으로 쓰이는 경우는 informal 한것으로 보입니다.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To connect the Altibase database, Altibase JDBC driver file is required. If users can access the internet, please refer to  '4.1 Download JDBC Driver Files'.  If users can not access the internet or want to register JDBC driver files manually, please refer to '4.2 Register JDBC Driver Manually'.
```
